## 2.0.0

- Output now has emojis by default. You can disable it by setting `use-emojis` to `false`.
- Output is now sorted: files missing tests will be shown at the end of the report
- Change output style

## 1.3.6

- Upgrade `File` dependency to version 7.0.0

## 1.3.5

- Fix `fully-tested-message` option not working

## 1.3.4

- Readme improvements

## 1.3.3

- Added `topics` in `pubspec.yaml`.

## 1.3.2

- FIx final result erroneously printing `FAIL` when there is no coverage rate available

## 1.3.1

- Fix setting `report-fully-covered-files` to false does nothing

## 1.3.0

- Support for coverage generated by `coverage` package
- new `ignore-lines` option
- new `add-to-known-generated-files` option
- Showing total of `Ignored untested lines` no table result
- Changing output design
- Removing "This pull request has no new lines under `/lib`" message
- `exclude` now is an alias for `ignore`

## 1.2.0+1

- Readme fix

## 1.2.0

- âš ï¸ Breaking change: deprecated args `exclude-suffix` and `exclude-prefix` no longer available
- Support for `yaml` configuration file

## 1.1.0

- âš ï¸ Breaking change: `exclude-suffix` arg no longer has a default values with generated files pattern.
- New `exclude-known-generated-files` arg.
- New `exclude` arg, that uses [Glob syntax](https://pub.dev/packages/glob#syntax), replacing `exclude-suffix`
  and `exclude-prefix` args
- `exclude-suffix` and `exclude-prefix` no longer listed as args. Any usage of them will print a warning message

## 1.0.4

- Fix analysis not working when project was not in the root of git repository
- Warnings messages when `.git` or `/lib` ware not found
- `stdin-timeout` argument

## 1.0.3+1

- readme fixes

## 1.0.3

- `fully-tested-message` arg: you can now set a custom output message to be displayed when there is no untested lines

## 1.0.2+1

- Updating example

## 1.0.2

- Adding "Number of lines that should be tested under `/lib`"

## 1.0.1

- Removing total of new lines from output because it is a completely useless information
- Fixes on readme

## 1.0.0

- Stable release

## 0.0.6+1

- Updating readme ðŸ’ƒ

## 0.0.6

- Ending report is now a table

## 0.0.5

- new `fraction-digits` arg
- new `markdown-mode` arg

## 0.0.4

- âš ï¸ "use-colorful-font" replaced by "use-colorful-output", since it depends on the output type now
- New markdown output type

## 0.0.3+2

- Replaced âœª from output by a -
- Replace ðŸ˜‰ from output by a `=D`

## 0.0.3+1

- Update readme

## 0.0.3

- âš ï¸ "hide-uncovered-lines" arg replaced by "show-uncovered-code", which is now a boolean
- new "use-colorful-font" arg.
- new "report-fully-covered-files" arg.
- removed emojis from the output

## 0.0.2+1

- Fix wrong message when there is no new lines in the PR
- Update readme
- Making this package a binary only

## 0.0.2

- Fix code diff showing missing coverage in wrong line

## 0.0.1+2

- Change SDK requirements to '>=2.17.0 <3.0.0'

## 0.0.1+1

- Removing Android and iOS as supported platforms.

## 0.0.1

- Initial version.
